---
title: Christmas 2009 &ndash; the lead in
date: 2009-12-19 00:05:00
age: 2
categories: [Funny, Home]
---
<p>Christmas 2009 is a very promising one.  Mom is in full swing and very excited with decorating and gift giving.  Dad is very happy because mom has agreed to tone it down a bit from last year and stick to a budget.  Ashley is excited because this the first year she recognizes gifts for what they are.</p>  <p>Rock hard awesome.</p>  <p>Aunt Stacy brought over a gift for Ashley in an early season gathering and it was amazing to watch Ashley dutifully and slowly unwrap the present because Mom asked her to.  The first few tears were done out of loyalty but were ripe with confusion.  Ashley is a good girl at heart so she pushed on at the paper as her mom and aunt pressed, but a moment that probably only occurs once in a persons lifetime arrived when she noticed the first glimpse of pink in the package under the paper.</p>  <p>More tugging and an ever frenzied pace was emitted from Ashley like demons from the Ark of the Covenant (<a href="http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082971/" target="_blank">Raids of the Lost Ark</a>) as she pulled back more paper to reveal more pink.  In what felt like hours but was literally just moments Ashley had unwrapped her present and was gleefully holding the magnetic writer thing aloft with pleasure washing over her face like sunshine through a window.</p>  <p>This is why people give gifts to little kids.</p>  <p>This year Mary was responsible for donating some clothes and schools supplies at our daycare.  We felt good that we were doing some good at the time when that school (that burned down) really needed it.  But next year I think I want to find a sweet toy and make sure a toy drive has that.  I might do it this year too.  I am not a particularly generous person nor do I have a habit of giving to charity; but seeing Ashley get excited for that gift means that likely other kids get that excited too.  Kids can still appreciate stuff for the idea AND for the item.  I think I have lost that within myself somehow, but I like that I can possibly pass it on to someone who hasn’t.</p>  <p>Here are the pictures from the camera in the first half of December 2009 for our family</p>  <p><embed type="application/x-shockwave-flash" src="http://picasaweb.google.com/s/c/bin/slideshow.swf" width="400" height="267" flashvars="host=picasaweb.google.com&amp;captions=1&amp;hl=en_US&amp;feat=flashalbum&amp;RGB=0x000000&amp;feed=http%3A%2F%2Fpicasaweb.google.com%2Fdata%2Ffeed%2Fapi%2Fuser%2Fwyseguys%2Falbumid%2F5415306386049975041%3Falt%3Drss%26kind%3Dphoto%26authkey%3DGv1sRgCK_9q5XJvp_UmwE%26hl%3Den_US" pluginspage="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" /></p>
