---
title: Swine Flu Showdown: 2009 baby vs Science
date: 2009-12-15 23:38
categories: [Ashley]
---
<p>Ashley got into a fight with the swine flu.  The sign on the door at her daycare one Thursday night claimed that at least two kids were infected with a case of the porky plague, and of them was in her room.  The room teachers were valiantly cleaning and sanitizing the room as I entered that evening, but bless there hearts there was no stopping it.  Mary and I did wonder aloud (half joking half serious) what it would be like.</p>  <p>Friday we found out.</p>  <p><embed type="application/x-shockwave-flash" src="http://picasaweb.google.com/s/c/bin/slideshow.swf" width="400" height="267" flashvars="host=picasaweb.google.com&amp;captions=1&amp;hl=en_US&amp;feat=flashalbum&amp;RGB=0x000000&amp;feed=http%3A%2F%2Fpicasaweb.google.com%2Fdata%2Ffeed%2Fapi%2Fuser%2Fwyseguys%2Falbumid%2F5415302529390791985%3Falt%3Drss%26kind%3Dphoto%26authkey%3DGv1sRgCJyq8fG75oL_vwE%26hl%3Den_US" pluginspage="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" /></p>  <p>Our little baby was as hot as an oven.  For our daughter to not be moving for an entire day was incredibly worrying but the doctor gave Ashley a clinical diagnosis of swine flu and sent us home with a subscription for Tamiflu.  You’ll recognize the name from recent studies by the UK science group claiming that Tamiflu is no more effective that wishes and farts when it comes to combating the flu.  One thing Tamiflu does have is some awesome side effects:  Ashley looked out of her mind a couple of times and I am pretty sure she couldn’t focus her eyes the first night.  The package also warned she might become agitated which the pharmacist explained means we might catch her beating her head into the wall.  Awesome.</p>  <p>The package also mentioned that nausea was possible.</p>  <p>Trip report for Tamiflu:  yes, nausea is very possible.</p>
